---
layout: page
title: "Venue"
---

## Reykjavik, Iceland

Come and be inspired.

Reykjavik is a vibrant city filled with warm, hospitable people. It has a
small-scale urban center that is easy to navigate. The hassle-free city center
is clean, safe and packed with restaurants, shopping, culture and vibrant
nightlife. Enjoy meeting the friendly locals, who speak English as their second
language (and often other Scandinavian and European languages).

<figure><a class="u-base-link" href="https://www.flickr.com/photos/marcus_hansson/209904011" target="_blank"><img alt="Reykjavik" src="reykjavik.jpg"></a><figcaption><a class="u-base-link" href="https://www.flickr.com/photos/marcus_hansson/209904011" target="_blank">Photo</a> by Marcus Hansson / <a class="u-base-link" href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.0/" target="_blank">CC BY</a></figcaption></figure>

Iceland is a great place to experience gorgeous, incredibly varied, untouched
nature. Drive just 30 minutes outside Reykjavik and you'll enter a whole
different world, full of wonders including Gullfoss, Geysir and Ãžingvellir.
Driving further you'll find huge waterfalls, "alien" landscape, active
volcanoes, glaciers and much more. Iceland's unique color palette and landscapes
can't be found anywhere else in the world.

## The Venue

<a href="http://en.harpa.is/harpa/access" target="_blank">Harpa</a> is one of
Reykjavik's greatest and most distinguished landmarks. Opened 2011, this
grand-scale, award-winning piece of architecture has some of the best conference
facilities in Northern Europe.

<figure><img alt="Harpa" src="harpa.jpg"></figure>

The location is also great. Harpa is in the heart of the city and features
stunning views of the surrounding mountains and the North Atlantic Ocean. Most
of the best hotels, restaurants and pubs in Reykjavik are within walking
distance.

**Icelandair Hotel Reykjavik Marina** is the official JSConf Iceland hotel.
Located within walking distance from the venue, next to a historical dry-dock
called Slippur, it blends the creative atmosphere of the downtown district with
the country's strong fishing traditions. Grab the
[JSConf Iceland offer](https://gc.synxis.com/rez.aspx?Hotel=59628&Chain=15503&Dest=ICE&template=GCF&shell=GCF2&arrive=2/28/2018&depart=3/1/2018&adult=2&child=0&group=1802JSCONF)
early, before it sells out.
